Update k8s tracing (#1449)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/set-up-traces-collection-for-kubernetes-environments.md

## Installing Sumo Logic Tracing on Kubernetes

> Installation is the same as for the official [SumoLogic Kubernetes Collection](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection). The process uses a Helm chart to set all required components. It will automatically download and configure the [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector) which will collect, process, and export telemetry data to Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation is the same as for the official [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection). The process uses a Helm chart to set all required components. It will automatically download and configure the [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector), which will collect, process, and export telemetry data to Sumo Logic.
```

> Installation is the same as for the official [SumoLogic Kubernetes Collection](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection). The process follows using a Helm chart to set all required components. It will automatically download and configure [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector) which will collect, process, and export telemetry data to Sumo Logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installation is the same as for the official [SumoLogic Kubernetes Collection](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection). The process uses a Helm chart to set all required components. It will automatically download and configure the [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector) which will collect, process, and export telemetry data to Sumo Logic.
```

In the following installation steps, we use the release name `collection` and the namespace name `sumologic`. You can use any names you want, however, you'll need to adjust your installation commands to use your names since these names impact the OpenTelemetry Collector endpoint name.

> **NOTE:** In case of upgrade from Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection `v2.x` to `v3.x` please see [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Migration Guide](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/docs/v3-migration-doc.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** In case of upgrade from Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection `v2.x` to `v3.x` please see [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Migration Guide](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/docs/v3-migration-doc.md).
```
```suggestion
:::note
 In case of upgrade from Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection `v2.x` to `v3.x` please see [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Migration Guide](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/docs/v3-migration-doc.md).
::: 
```

## Installing Sumo Logic Tracing on Kubernetes

Installation is the same as for the official [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection). The process uses a Helm chart to set all required components. It will automatically download and configure the [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector), which will collect, process, and export telemetry data to Sumo Logic.

In the following installation steps, we use the release name `collection` and the namespace name `sumologic`. You can use any names you want, however, you'll need to adjust your installation commands to use your names since these names impact the OpenTelemetry Collector endpoint name.

:::note

>  In case of upgrade from Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection `v2.x` to `v3.x` please see [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Migration Guide](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/docs/v3-migration-doc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you're upgrading from Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection `v2.x` to `v3.x`, see [Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Migration Guide](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/main/docs/v3-migration-doc.md).
```

::: 

### Collection architecture

Tracing data from your services is sent through multiple local OpenTelemetry Collectors/Agents, deployed as a StatefulSet (`otelcol-instrumentation`), which buffers and sends data to a OpenTelemetry Collector gateway (`traces-gateway`). Finally, the data is sent to the OpenTelemetry Collector (`traces-sampler`) helping to shape and trim the traffic, both running as a Deployment.

### Installing or upgrading to the latest version

Refer to [install/upgrade instructions](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection/blob/v3.0.0/docs/installation.md) for the current version. Tracing is enabled by default.

> If you plan to [auto-instrument your Java, Python and JS applications in K8s environments](docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/opentelemetry-instrumentation/kubernetes.md), use the Helm command in that article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to [auto-instrument your Java, Python, and JS applications in K8s environments](docs/apm/traces/get-started-transaction-tracing/opentelemetry-instrumentation/kubernetes.md), use the Helm command in that article.
```

After enabling and installing tracing, you should have additional Kubernetes resources:

> * `otelcol-instrumentation `- collector responsible for data collection and tagging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `otelcol-instrumentation` - collector responsible for data collection and tagging
```

    * Service (**`deprecated`**): `collection-sumologic-otelcol` 
    * Config Map: `collection-sumologic-otelcol-instrumentation`
* `traces-gateway` - collector responsible for traces load balancing
    * Deployment: `collection-sumologic-traces-gateway`
    * Pod: `collection-sumologic-traces-gateway-<hash>-<hash>`
    * Replica Set: `collection-sumologic-traces-gateway-<hash>`
    * Service: `collection-sumologic-traces-gateway`
    * Config Map: `collection-sumologic-traces-gateway`
* `traces-sampler` - collector responsible for forwarding data to Sumo Receiver
    * Deployment: `collection-sumologic-traces-sampler`
    * Pod: `collection-sumologic-traces-sampler-<hash>-<hash>`
    * Replica Set: `collection-sumologic-traces-sampler-<hash>`
    * Service: `collection-sumologic-traces-sampler-headless`
    * Config Map: `collection-sumologic-traces-sampler`

#### How to verify traces are installed and working

* There are no Kubernetes errors in the namespace sumologic.
* There are running pods `<CHART_NAME>-sumologic-otelcol-instrumentation-<hash>, <CHART_NAME>-sumologic-traces-gateway-<hash>, <CHART_NAME>-sumologic-traces-sampler-<hash>`

> * Kubernetes metadata tags (pod, replicaset, etc.) should be applied to all spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes metadata tags such as `pod` and `replicaset` should be applied to all spans.
```
